activities/core-topics.md, before:

# Which topics to teach in what context? 

- **Day 1: June 10th from 14:00 to 15:00 UTC-04:00 or ET**
- **How to connect:** [Zoom link]()

## Introduction 
In this participatory activity, you will be creating course schedules for NLP courses targeted at different NLP learner persona. You will be randomly assigned to a group of size 3 to 5 and you will be working in breakout rooms. 

Consider the following three NLP learners with different expectations. 

|               |                               |
| :--------------------------------------- | :-----------------   | 
| <img src="../img/Jim.png" alt="Jim" class="bg-primary" width="700px"> | <li>Jim is a 3rd year undergrad in computer science.</li> <li>Courses taken before: introductory machine learning, introductory statistics, calculus, and linear algebra.</li><li>Goal: working in industry, preferably as a data scientist or a machine learning engineer.</li><li>Expectation from the course: Getting familiar with different algorithms to learn from text and audio data to produce insights.</li>| 
| <img src="../img/Sam.png" alt="Sam" class="bg-primary" width="700px"> | <li>Sam is a 4th year undergrad in political science.</li><li>Courses taken before: introduction to Python and introduction to statistics.</li><li>Expectation from the course: She is fascinated by day-to-day applications of NLP such as smart compose and voice assistants and is curious to know more about how they work. Also, she is interested in applying NLP tools in her discipline.</li>| 
| <img src="../img/Eva.png" alt="Eva" class="bg-primary" width="700px"> | <li>Eva is a first year Master's student in NLP.</li><li>Courses taken before: Solid foundation in mathematics, machine learning, and introductory linguistics. </li><li>Goal: She wants to pursue a Ph.D. in deep learning NLP.</li><li>Expectation from the course: Interested in gaining solid understanding of important models, tasks, and tools in NLP so that they can carry out their research effectively.</li>| 

<hr>

## Your tasks

Go to this [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h_X3oZk6ZPNewlGzu6u_mPqTl5_s2-dDj_269AArQqA/edit#) and follow the instructions there. 


<hr>

## Hints/Help to get you started

TBA

Commit message:

adding pre-workshop activity link

activities/core-topics.md, after:

# Which topics to teach in what context? 

- **Day 1: June 10th from 14:00 to 15:00 UTC-04:00 or ET**
- **How to connect:** [Zoom link]()

## Related pre-workshop activity

If you've not already done it, please fill out this [Google form](https://forms.gle/kqZLVpkBAdp7wrA29) when you get a chance. 

## Introduction 
In this participatory activity, you will be creating course schedules for NLP courses targeted at different NLP learner persona. You will be randomly assigned to a group of size 3 to 5 and you will be working in breakout rooms. 

Consider the following three NLP learners with different expectations. 

|               |                               |
| :--------------------------------------- | :-----------------   | 
| <img src="../img/Jim.png" alt="Jim" class="bg-primary" width="700px"> | <li>Jim is a 3rd year undergrad in computer science.</li> <li>Courses taken before: introductory machine learning, introductory statistics, calculus, and linear algebra.</li><li>Goal: working in industry, preferably as a data scientist or a machine learning engineer.</li><li>Expectation from the course: Getting familiar with different algorithms to learn from text and audio data to produce insights.</li>| 
| <img src="../img/Sam.png" alt="Sam" class="bg-primary" width="700px"> | <li>Sam is a 4th year undergrad in political science.</li><li>Courses taken before: introduction to Python and introduction to statistics.</li><li>Expectation from the course: She is fascinated by day-to-day applications of NLP such as smart compose and voice assistants and is curious to know more about how they work. Also, she is interested in applying NLP tools in her discipline.</li>| 
| <img src="../img/Eva.png" alt="Eva" class="bg-primary" width="700px"> | <li>Eva is a first year Master's student in NLP.</li><li>Courses taken before: Solid foundation in mathematics, machine learning, and introductory linguistics. </li><li>Goal: She wants to pursue a Ph.D. in deep learning NLP.</li><li>Expectation from the course: Interested in gaining solid understanding of important models, tasks, and tools in NLP so that they can carry out their research effectively.</li>| 

<hr>

## Your tasks

Go to this [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h_X3oZk6ZPNewlGzu6u_mPqTl5_s2-dDj_269AArQqA/edit#) and follow the instructions there. 


<hr>

## Hints/Help to get you started

TBA
